In this lecture, we are going to initialize and generate Auth 2.0 authorization server project using
the spring initialise.
We will also do the initial setup by configuring additional dependencies and by marking our application
as a authorization server navigate to start that springboard IO.
We will still use MAVEN as both automation tool Java and then version two point three point one as the
latest spring boot version.
The time of this recording again, choose Kamden Spring Bank as your group name and for the artifact
let's call it user dot o 2.0.
We can also go ahead and give our application a proper description, let's call it Oath 2.0 authorization
server,
our packaging type Stagedoor, and we'll use Java 14.
Now, go ahead and add the dependencies at Spring Web, Spring Security and spring data.
Mongo DB.
Click on Generate.
Now, I'm going to move the downloaded project to the project where my other exercise files are all
extracted here.
Now let's go to intelligence or to your ID and intelligence.
You can simply right.
Click on the XML file and click on ADD as Mavin Project.
Then open up the parent projects aimed at XML file and let's add the user dot org 2.0 project as a module.
Now let's open the XML file of our OS 2.0 project.
Now we need to add a few manual dependencies that is not available in the spring initialise.
Firstly, we will go ahead and add spring security oath to.
We can take the latest release version, let's add another dependancy spring security JWT.
Again, take the latest version.
We also need to add a few EXPE dependencies, starting with Jay EXPE core.
The second day EXPE dependency that we will add is Jay EXPE API.
And then the final Jay EXPE EMPL.
OK, now let's open up the application file and at the end enable authorization server annotation to
enable our application as authorization server.